Create ui-c8y-1018-503-115-changes-to-unit-in-the-dp-template-is-now-reflected-in.md (#2356)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1018-503-115-changes-to-unit-in-the-dp-template-is-now-reflected-in.md

---
date: ""

> title: Changes to unit in the dp template is now reflected in view backport (#6853)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Unit changes in data point templates are now reflected in the view
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-60261
version: 1018.503.115
---

> Changes to unit in the dp template is now reflected in view backport (#6853)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
Previously, when making changes to the unit of a data point template, these changes were not reflected in the corresponding view in the user interface. This inconsistency could lead to confusion for users. With this change, any modifications made to the unit of a data point template are now properly propagated and displayed in the associated view. This ensures that the unit information is always up-to-date and consistent between the template and the view, providing a more accurate and reliable representation of the data points for users.
```
